Alright, I have an assignment for you
in this video here and what I want you
to do is go in and write a test for the
index controller. And the requirements
for this assignment, of course, we're
gonna use JUnit as we just saw and
we wanna use Mockito Mock both for
the RecipeService and the Model. And we
wanna make sure that the proper String
is returned from our index method and
verify the interactions with the two
mocks. So let's take a look at the source
code here real quick. I'm gonna get out of
keynote and we'll jump over to IntelliJ.
So here's our IndexController class, so
we have the RecipeService there on line
16. It gets injected into the constructor
so we'll need to create a Mockito Mock
for that and then also, the getIndexPage() is
expecting a model from the Spring
Framework. And model is actually an
interface so we can easily mock that. We
don't really need to give it a proper
implementation of Mockito Mock. It will
suit our purposes just fine there and we
wanna verify that the model
addAttribute is called one time. And we wanna verify that the recipeService
getRecipes() is called exactly one time. And
we wanna make sure that the method
getIndexPage() will return a String that
equals index. So go ahead and code that
up and in the next video, I will step
through exactly that implementation and
take you through it step by step and
show you exactly how to code this up.